February 22, 2018

Darya and Young Meeting
-----------------------
1. Changed constant names, Mainly the pins on the top of the file
2. Tried to make sense of keypadEvent.

Questions
---------
1. Ask where we should start developing on the code.
2. Ask the creator where he left off, and what his stuff does.

February 23, 2018 

Team Meeting
------------
1. Proposal, add a clean cycle.
